So in the last
lecture you learned that this references the object that is
executing the current function. Alright, now let me show you a few different solutions
to change the value of this in a function.
So, let's imagine our for each method doesn't have
the second parameter. How can we change the value of this? Well,
here's one simple solution. Before we can the for each method,
we can define a constant, call it self, and
setting it to this. Some people also call this that.
It's one of a personal preference there is no right or wrong. So lets
call this self, now this point, self
is referencing the video object here, so in our
callback function we can use self instead of this.
Because the value of this changes when a new function is called.
So at this point, this references the video object, but when
we get to this callback function, this references the global
object. So here we can use self which is the original
value of this, save the changes, and we get the
title of the video here. Beautiful. Now this is not the preferred approach,
but it's something that you see in a lot of JavaScript applications out there.
So I just want you to understand it but don't use this approach. Now let's
take a look at another approach. Earlier in the course, you learned
the functions are objects in JavaScript. So let's define a function
call it playVideo, here we do a console
.log of this. So this function is technically,
an object. So it has properties and methods that we can access
using a dot notation. Here we have 3 methods
apply bind and call, and with these we can change
the value of this or this function. The simplest
is the call method. The first parameter
of this method is thisArg, so here we can pass an object
and this will reference that object. For example,
I can pass a new object with the name property set to Mosh,
now when we save the changes,
we're going to see this object on the console. But before we get there let me temporarily
comment out this previous code, so save the changes
you see this new object. In contrast
if we call this function using the standard function call syntax,
this references the window object. So this is a benefit
of using the call method. We have another method that is
similar to call and that is called apply. So let me duplicate this line,
change this to apply, save the changes,
again, we get the same result. So what we pass as the first
argument here will be used as the value of this, the difference
between call and apply is only about passing arguments.
So if this function has multiple parameters, let's say
a and b, we can supply multiple arguments here,
1 and 2, but with the apply method we have to pass them
as an array. So, 1 and 2.
That's the only difference. We have another difference that is bind.
So playVideo.bind, once again the first
argument is thisArg so we can pass
this object name Mosh, but this bind method
does not call our playVideo function.
It returns a new function, and sets this to
point to this object permanently. So no matter how we call that
function, this will always, always, always point
to this object that we pass here. So this returns the new function
we can store the result in a constant, and now
call this function just like a regular function. Save the changes,
once again we get this new object here. Now in this
particular case we don't really need the separate constant, we can delete
this, and immediately call the function that is returned
from the bind method. Save the changes, we get the
same result. So with call, apply, and bind we can
set the this argument for a given function. Now, let's go
back to our previous example. So, let's delete all this code here.
Back in the showTags method,
so here we're passing this callback function, and in this function we're going
to use this. So we no longer need this
self constant. However as you know, by default,
here this references the global object, but we want to change this.
So here we have a function, we can call the bind method
emit it here, and then, pass an
object to be used as the value of this.
What should we pass here? This. Because as I told you before,
at this point we are in the showTags
method, so this references our video object. So,
save the changes, and once again you can see the title of the
video next to each tag. So using the bind method is the second solution,
to solve this problem, but there is a newer and better solution.
Starting from ECMA script 6, we have arrow function.
The good thing about the arrow functions is that they inherit
the this value. Let me show you what I mean by that. So,
let's remove the call to the bind method, and change this
function to an arrow function. So we remove the function
keyword with a fat arrow between the parameter and the body,
and because we have a single parameter we remove parenthesis.
Clear syntax, now if you save the changes, we still get the same result,
without doing anything extra. The reason for this
is because arrow functions inherit this from the
containing function. So in this function. This
references the video object, so when we pass
an arrow function here, the same this value, is
used in this arrow function. In other words, this is not
rebound to a new object. So let's quickly recap.
In this lecture, you learned about 3 ways to change the value of this.
The first solution should use the self approach
so, the second solution was using
the bind method, so right after defining this function,
call bind, and pass this as the argument, but again this
is the old way of doing things, it's a little bit noisy but you may still see it in a lot of
JavaScript applications out there. So going forward the modern
approach to solve this particular problem when dealing with callbacks
is to use an arrow function.